# MSMC CHRYSALIS LOG // 2.21.5014u 

The **901st ~~ERROR NO DIVISION NAME FOUND~~** meet on route to the recently rediscovered planetoid known as **HERCYNIA** 

After a rough landing, and the subsequent knocking out of JAWS, their Ex-Pilot/MSMC Lawyer, the group heads to the town of Evergreen, with the assistance of **Brava Hadura** 

They are led to the **Landmark Corporation's** Colony, **Evergreen** and are met by the SIDEWALK-J2 municipal NHP that helps run the colony on **Landmark Corporation's** behalf who goes by the name of **PATIENCE**. 

**PATIENCE** tells the **901st ~~PL<EASE INSERT NAME~~** that **Evergreen** is being plagued by Pirates and Claim jumpers, with one of the main forces being a Sniper who has killed 53 people in the span of a few months. **PATIENCE** says that the colonists are calling these pirates "**Egregorians**, based off of an old race of bug like creatures who used simple tools, but were wiped out long before Humanity got to **HERCYNIA**. **PATIENCE** even shows footage of these "**Egregorians**" wearing armor akin to that of a bug which he presumes to be an attempt to fearmonger **Evergreen's** Militia, as well as its townspeople. 

**PATIENCE** requests help with either the Sniper, or with escorting engineers to help fix **Evergreen's** landing pad, after much deliberation, and after stinking up **The Bottom of the Well** (The owner of which is an older man by the name of **Mir Bahadur**) with the smell of burnt starfish deep in their lungs the **901st ~~ERROR~~** chose to go after the Sniper, **VENOM** 
  
# MSMC CHRYSALIS LOG // 2.22.5014u 

The road to Venom is easily gotten to, with **REACTION**, **Lethe's** onboard NHP managing to spot a hole in the forest ceiling to help track **VENOM**, the path is easy, too easy in fact. **VENOM** ambushes the group, however, The **901st ~~ERROR NO DIVISION NAME, PLEASE ENTER~~** through multiple means, one of which being a **CYCLONE PULSE RIFLE** that wiped out an entire squad at once, manages to defeat most of **VENOM'S** forces, with one running away, and one being taken as a prisoner, and with **VENOM** themselves in a fit of anger rushing out of their destroyed mech to try and take on **REACTION**, **VENOM** then got blasted with the **CYCLONE PULSE RIFLE** and promptly perished to naught but ash. 

With **VENOM** and their forces dealt with, the group, with their new prisoner **Jeb** in front, managed to make it back to **Evergreen** with **Jeb's** mech, proceeding to talk to **Brava** and then subsequently shooting a blue foam all over some of the militia, including **Brava** herself. She took the mech and **Jeb** back to **Evergreen** while The **901st** ~~oh so it works NOW when I don't do the full name? stupid **MSMC** tech, should have asked them to leave this device in the ship along with me. Really got to ask these guys for a name or something~~ got a priority call from **PATIENCE** about something happening over near the **Greytown's**, at **CHAU FARM**. On the way the **901st** encountered **Subalterns** moving to the general location of the Farm, heading east. The **Subalterns** were holding weapons, flipping over a truck at one point, and carrying around a **COMP/CON**,  the owner of **Chau Farm**, a **Albert Chau** radioed to the **901st** asking for help, the **Subalterns** would not let any of them leave. War old machines appeared as if from nowhere in the **Subaltern** mass, the ground shook with their constant marching. The fight was close, with one of the machines blowing their own reactor core in an attempt to stop the **901st**, however the **901st** prevailed, if just barely, the rest of the remaining **Subalterns** heading east. **Albert went out to show his appreciation, and offered to help the **901st** get back to **Evergreen** on his truck, asking for help first to flip it over. **Lethe** kicks it, sending it flying, landing on its wheels but with a very large dent on the truck. **Albert** did not take well to this. Asking **Yui** to keep an eye on **Lethe** or else he would never allow them on his farm again. The **901st** inspect the **COMP/CON** next, finding that a **BEGGAR_ONE** is issuing commands, **Lethe** uses his **Achertech:tm:** certified **USB 5.0** in order to interface with the **COMP/CON**, the resulting connection allowing **Lethe** to briefly speak with **BEGGAR_ONE** and showing old **Union** command code to **Turo** and **Yui**. Something slips in through the connection between **BEGGAR_ONE** and **Lethe.** in **Lethe’s** paracode it calls itself **CYNOSURE**, after a brief conversation about balance, and prompted by **Lithe** asking what **CYNOSURE** can do, **Lithe** promptly passed out. **Turo** felt a sharp headache in his head, like someone stabbing his head with a needle, after which he saw memories that were not his own. Which were **Yui's** memories. While **Lithe** was passed out. He had a visit down memory lane, with him waking up in his own home, after a brief talk with **#3** about the last test of the newly developed **CYCLONE PULSE RIFLE**, and of **#3's** anxiousness over asking **The Acheron** about small modifications she would like to her own body. **Lithe** then proceeded to **The Acheron's** office, where he was talking with a man in a suit. **Lithe** eventually walked into the meeting, much to the slight embarrassment, but mostly delight of **The Acheron**, the two then spoke about **The Acheron's** worries, with **Achertech** now needing funding from other sources, and **The Acheron** feeling like his hands were tied. Once **Lethe** woke up, **Turo's** headache promptly stopped, and then **Lethe** proceeded to try and hotwire **Albert Chau's** car, which did not work, and in fact lead to **Albert** kicking the **901**st off of **Chau Farm**, and threatening them if they ever tried to come back. 

 
