The Great Acheron, an inventor/scientist who focused mainly upon human augmentation, created fourteen combat androids. It was to be his life's work to create the greatest combat android the universe had ever known, but he managed it in but a fortnight. The fourteenth iteration, Xi, not only met his predictions of "the best battle android", but shattered them outright.

Xi was thoroughly skilled in on-foot, hand-to-hand combat. He was able to catch bullets in the air, break swords with his fists, and when given a blade himself, could cut an object into countless minute pieces in a matter of seconds. Proud of his creation, Acheron gave him a name beyond just his number: Lethe, and sent the bot out into the world to "find the strongest thing out there and cleave it in twain". The scientist later went missing. Some say he was recruited to a top-secret subterranean testing facility, others said he simply found himself content, his life work being fulfilled, and spent the last of his days in Florida (a theory lacking in credibility due to his abhorrent distaste for Floridians).

Lethe, however, never got to fulfill his orders, as mere days after getting turned loose he was embroiled in trouble after letting his feelings (which Acheron had attested were identical to a human's, much like Lethe's appearance) run amok upon meeting a woman who, oblivious to him, was the daughter of the head of the single largest criminal organisation in the world (at the time).

During a mission at sea for said criminal organisation, Lethe fell overboard and sank directly to the bottom. Not because he's heavy- he's actually quite light- but because he didn't know how to swim. After a 12 month descent, Lethe found himself at the searing base of an underwater trench, mere metres away from the molten core of the world.

It took him 600 years to clamber out of the trench and a back onto dry land, where he found the world he knew gone, replaced with an unrecognisable, yet highly advanced, imposter.

And so he set off unto this new world. In dire need of a towel.

Notable Events

During his 10 year tenure under the criminal organisation, which we will dub C.O. for the sake of brevity (and for the fact we don't quite know which criminal organisation he belonged to), The android Lethe was able to perform a number of "miracles" pertaining to his ultimate nature. For the sake of understanding him, and judging what he's capable of, we have listed a few particularly outstanding events here.

    Walked into a bar populated by 53 members of a rival C.O., citing a need to use the restroom. Emerged, covered in a red substance, thirty (30) seconds later, recalling his lack of that particular biological function. Upon inspection, all 53 occupants were identified; deceased. When questioned, Lethe stated "I walked in and they were being downright rude. Then they got handsy, so I got swordsy." The interviewer promptly left the room.

    A large meteorite, around 5 miles in radius, was reported to be heading towards the Earth. Accepted as the end of days, the world broke out into a state of consistent chaos. As the meteorite made its approach, Lethe was seen atop a building with naught but a metal bat. When the two made contact, Lethe swung, knocking it "out of the park", so to speak, sparing the world its fate in the process. "That's my boy!" exclaimed Acheron, coming out of hiding to take credit for the android before withdrawing once more.

    A short week after the above events, Lethe was spotted robbing the largest bank in the world with his C.O.. He would have flown far under the radar, was it not for him carrying the entire vault (quite literally) through the city streets in broad daylight. He swiftly lost his hero status.

    He threw an entire mountain at a guy.

    The day he fell into the ocean, he and his C.O. partners (the same he robbed the bank with: possible permanent associates) were sailing out to see to an issue of great importance: combating a great, primordial evil that threatened to plunge the entire world into a deep, never-ending darkness. The sea grew tumultuous and threw Lethe into the abyss. The party returned, one member short, a day later. We have no record of what transpired after that: whether they accomplished their objective an android short, sparing the world its fate; or accepted their doom impending. However, our sky is still bright, our waters lap calm, and our grass yet grows, so it can be assumed that perhaps the threat rung hollow. An ancient rumour claims Lethe fell directly into the lair of the great, primordial evil and managed to lay it low even beneath the pressure of the great ocean. The same rumour also explains the lack of record afterwards: After the great, primordial evil was vanquished, it is alleged that the world simply did not have any other problems. If said rumour is true, it would imply Lethe somehow slew the embodiment of all evil. A bold claim indeed.